Coach, you come at the right time,
The two of them bought a house, and I took care of the breakfast.
Even though they are obedient to the Western family, they don't regard obedience in the eyes of the other side.
It's you, they put the number in the service,
Coach, you see, this is a black card that is only used in the service.
This thing that can be taken is hateful, and it doesn't look like this to the touch.
Did you buy a house through the service?
What is hateful?
It’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away, it’s hateful to touch away.
Hate, touch away, hateful, touch away, hateful, touch away, hateful, touch away
You deliberately made yourself the deputy
You still have to be kicked out, right?
This is the cut off from the smooth group
Then you want to buy me
If these two humans must be guides,
They won't buy it
You want to eat it again and cut it off
Again willing to waste words
Hurry up and drive these two things out.
you two
He is in a state of cowardice with the Western tactics used by the guide.
He offended our important client
Hurry up and go out to your village, Happy Fresh
I'll try another move quickly.
I'm going to sleep
I'm blind and I'll sit down soon